---
layout: post
title:  "Life Update 2023"
date:   2023-01-01
desc: "Yet another year"
keywords: "life,blog"
categories: [LIFE]
tags: [Life]
icon: icon-blog
---

I was writing in my diary the other day, one of my friend asked me something about it, I thought of this
blog, how I haven't updated in 7 years. So I thought I might as well update here.
<br><br><br>

So how's life going compared to what I thought in 2016?

I guess very different than I thought than, back than I wanted to go to US, and get a job in some big tech company,
probably on research side. Now I am working for a tech startup, here in India, I am currently satisfied with my job,
I guess work hours could be better, but overall it's a very good change of pace from working at Goldman.

On how's my personal life going, I guess could go better, I am currently on an experiment trying to live alone and cook 
makority of what I eat. I want to experience some Solitude, it's going good, have it's ups and downs, but couldn't complain.

On my financial side, things are going according to plan, but I am somewhat getting tired of consumeristic nature of the 
World, advertising all around and worst of it, they are becoming smarter, getting us to buy things we don't need, and 
will not significantly effect our life, I guess the ease of shopping, and online transaction not giving the feel of spending,
money have lead to this.

On what I will cook today, I will stir fry mushrooms and Paneer cubes, with some chilli powder, salt and some garlic. I find it
very convinient, healthy, and tasty.

On my New Year Resolutions, I think I will focus on loosing weight this year, I think from tomorrow onwards I will eat only healthy,
things. 

Thanks :)